Ferrets are illegal to own in the state of California! 
Female ferrets are called Jills. 
Male ferrets are called Hobs. 
Ferrets only use the restroom in corners. They will not use the restroom anywhere else. 
A group of ferrets is a called a business!
Ferrets are prone to biting when they're still kits but can be trained out of it.
Ferrets do better on wood based litter than paper based. 
Ferrets do something called "duking" where they jump around happily and making a hissing like sound. 
Ferrets enjoy "stealing" things and hiding them in their personal stashes. 
Ferrets do not need regular baths. Baths actually make them stink more by making them produce more oils. Ferrets thrive well on no more than one bath per month. 
Ferrets do not enjoy having their nails trimmed. To make the process easier, you can feed them a treat while you trim them! 
Ferrets are prone to "dead sleeping" which is where they sleep so heavily you can move them around and they will not wake up.
Ferrets do not run on wheels like many other small animals. They instead enjoy running around on the floor. 
Ferrets do not run on wheels like many other small animals. They instead enjoy running around on the floor. 
Ferrets can be fed a raw diet, and strive well on it. They are known to be able to tear apart an entire rabbit. 
The ferrets sold by Marshall Farms arrive at 8 weeks of age after a three day trip. They typically arrive in poor condition and need some rest before they can find their new homes. 
Ferrets are prone to many health issues, including adrenal disease. 
A ferret's penis is located on its stomach in the typical belly-button spot instead of on it's groin. 
Ferrets come in many colors and patterns!
Ferrets are known for being smelly, but this can be fixed by feeding them a high quality diet. 
Ferrets sold by Marshall Farms come already spayed/neutered and descented. 
The ferrets sold in the United States in pet stores come from Marshall Farms in Canada. 
Ferrets are on average 15 inches long.
Ferrets live on average 5-10 years. 
Ferrets can eat high quality kitten food and it is actually more healthy for them than ferret food. 
Female ferrets do not leave heat once they enter it unless they're bred. They will stay in heat until they die from it. 
Ferrets weigh between 1.5 and 4 pounds. 
Albino ferrets are known for being hard of hearing, but not typically deaf. 
Panda ferrets are more prone to being deaf than any other pattern/color. 
Ferrets enjoy playing with toys that squeak! 
Ferrets need at least 30% protein in their diets!
Ferrets need a litter box in every corner of their cages to better avoid accidents. 
Ferrets can not live in environments above 90° F. It is dangerous for them. 
Ferrets can drink water from an animal water bottle, but they prefer to drink from bowls. 
Ferrets love to sleep in a lot of places. They especially love hammocks. 
Ferrets sleep on average 18 hours per day! 
Ferrets do better in pairs or groups and get lonely if they're on their own! 
Ferrets need their nails trimmed regularly because they grow at a fast pace. It is recommended they're trimmed at least every two weeks. 
Ferrets need at least 20% fat in their diets! 
Ferrets require at least 4 hours out of their cages per day! 
Ferrets cannot use traditional cat litter. It can cause a blockage in their bodies. 
Ferrets can be litter trained but only about 70%. They will always have accidents. 
A baby ferret is called a kit.
Ferrets have on average 3-6 kits per litter.
Ferrets puff their tails up when they're playing and when they feel threatened.
Adrenal disease causes tail baldness in ferrets.
Ferrets also love tipping water bowls for fun. Tiny bastards.
Ferrets poop around 8 times a day.
