Real talk he's right I've played since 2013 as an og beta player from pc and POE was exactly the reason I originally left and the game took a hard hit then and I love the discussion he has about the in game toxicity towards the end which is the secondary reason I left and I hate how true all of this is due to my love for the game and thanks to you guys I've actually decided to stick around......he's also right about the fact that they really do need to hit a target for twitch
Omg the crying about the guns in America on this thread so here you go......."A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." Our second amendment which shall be upheld onto its fullest extent.......I grew up in a home with 3 other brothers and a single mom so with that being said yes we were pretty rough growing up so yes there were times when we had to defend ourselves or our home.......not only that I served 6 years in the US Marine Corps and seen and done things while in the service that would kill most men before they turned 20......this amendment is to protect our home ourselves and our country for a government that would ever decide to infringe upon the rights of it's people and for us to defend ourselves against such matters it also there for us to protect our homes and loved ones as well.......here I'll put it like this.......if you had a burglar break into your home and decided to take one of your loved ones as a hostage for collateral and you decided to call the cops to have them do something instead of handling the situation yourself which we have the right to do mind you their response time can range anywhere from 4-25 minutes on average where as if you had a weapon or firearm in the home you could handle the situation yourself and deal with the death of said criminal or criminals vs having to face the death of someone you love or the loss and destruction of property
That's why I like venka and nami skyla so much because you get the crit+slash+speed on top of the fact with my venka riven and the negative attack speed it doesn't really effect it much at all......as a matter of fact for the first time ever last night I was running with fated last night and hit for 1.7 mil with my new build on it.......I swear I jumped when I saw the numbers
that's what the reasoning was behind my small speech to give you some encouragement bro to take some time and actually enjoy the game itself and what it actually has to offer there is some badass content in this game that I missed entirely the first 3 years I played because I was always so focused on mr and grinding it was ridiculous and that's alot of the reason I basically trashed my pc account and took a break and just came back last year after about a year long break because I wanted to give myself some time away from the game so I could come back and really enjoy it for what it's worth and I'm only mr16 btw could easily be mr20+ but I'm telling you it's nothing to stress hell I've even seen players lose so much interest that they don't even pay attention to the ungodly amount of lore and story and that's exactly what I don't wanna see happen with you
See? The issue here is the country I fought for and the friends/brothers I watched die in front of some in my arms was all for nothing at this point......this generation is dead and is going to give this country to the globalists on a silver platter......abortion and gay marriage have been pushed and legalized by the democratic party along with the issue of them trying to push to strip away our 1st 2nd and 5th amendment rights and it's this generation that's openly allowing it to happen the two party system is broken and is basically nonexistent at this point and all of this bullshit about covid-19 and this so called race war is just one huge agenda directed at one of the biggest sex scandals in the history of this nation involving innocent children and many super powers of not only this country but the world as a whole
my input on that one would be this point blank plain and simple what you see in the movies isn't always real and this is a bullshit clip because I myself served as a lieutenant and a scout in the marines in the us rangers some of the baddest muthafuckers to ever step foot on planet earth mind you I also specialized in ballistics and intelligence with that being said had that been an actual grenade there is a 3 to 4 second window sometimes but very rarely up to 6 seconds depending on the quality of the grenade and it's manufacturing so they would've had enough time to get out of the way of the blast before it went off other than the three huddled up at the door which would've basically been a pile flesh once it was all said and done aside from the one closest to the door facing which would've been shielded by the two behind him not only that it looks like it was played out to be a shrapnel grenade which don't explode on impact rather than imploding and releasing shrapnel
Yeah,but for the most part you mainly come off as a dick about it. Just because I don't use correct spelling and punctuation doesn't mean I can't. I'm actually college educated and military trained,so therefore I'm quite intelligent. Not to mention the fact I have plenty of street smarts and common sense to go along with it. Now,as far as the bullshit goes with you constantly riding me about my run ons and what not. I don't really care how you feel about it. This is a casual chat,so therefore I will treat it as such and do as I please,with that comes the point of having a thought at work and not caring about punctuation. I really don't have a care to explain it in elaborate detail though. As far as it goes,I really would appreciate it if you would lay off,and just because you're a published editor doesn't give you any right to ride my dick about my typing skills,nor does it make you any better than me. So,with all of the clarity as humanly possible,please fuck off and get off of my dick about my typing. Thank you,and have a good day sir!!!
Btw I know this chat is supposed to be serious and what not,but to be completely honest. The guys in here are most likely the only ones in the clan that I actually trust. To top it off. All I do is work and home,so other than family and my bestfriend you guys are about the only ones I actually talk to. Comes with having a sickness to fake shit by the way,and before anyone asks,and any jokes are made I was actually very social and quite popular in high school. I was the first string star quarterback on a varsity team,but to be quite honest. I fuckin hated every single bit of it
I get it bro I was a lieutenant in the marines. Two other guys and I had about fifty men and women that we had to watch over day in and day out that served under us,because it was our I job to be sure they didn't get killed on the battlefield in country.
Idk why someone would ask me this question,but I'll gladly share my thoughts on all of this ignorance and stupidity.........for one you have to go all the way back to June 13th 1992 where both the crime bill and agenda 21 were originally brought to Congress and the UN. The UN itself was original place to establish agenada 21,but no one wanted it then so,if the agenda was to be pushed they had to push the crime bill and have Clinton elected when he was which didn't work due to his sheer stupidity and ignorance. They then had to roll out the red carpet with 9/11 which was planned as well and again didn't work,the Boston Marathon bombing where president obama personally flew the suspect in question back home in the presidential helicopter,Ebola,the swine flu,now this bullshit with BLM and covid-19.......I could keep going,but the point here is I feel like there is no hope left for this country,all of it his been forced or man made for an establishment of power and global order,and history will in fact continue to repeat itself if they fail here,but at this point let's be honest with ourselves.......the way everyone fell directly into this"mask mandate"do you really think America as a whole is prepared to wake up and actually see the truth for what it really is?
if I may step in here with it being a month long fashion frame event you will have to let people know what they're being judged on and this will call for constant management of people's entry's unless you only allow one per player,and as far as the plat prize goes for a fashion frame event I think rat's right on that one. I wouldn't give cold hard plat for something like that I would give a fashion item for a fashion event.......I mean if you notice he did mention tennogen bundle which is pretty exclusive as is and is better than a first place prize of plat in my opinion,but if you have to give plat I wouldn't give no more than 150 for a fashion event because it seems like that pulls away from the point of the event itself.......:man_shrugging:
They've canceled episodes of hey arthur and spongebob for making references to gays and trans and they canceled the regular show in its entirety.......and let's not forget the whole cuties thing. The sheer thought of it makes me wanna vomit. There are other children's tv shows they've tried this with as well. I mean for fuck sakes they canceled Rick and Morty all because of an episode that had a scene in it making fun of gay Jerry.......we as people no longer have any rights in America. Our freedom of speech is being ripped out from under us,and yes the gays and the whole movement have all but taken over. And please don't get me wrong here I have no problem with gay people as long as I'm not being hit on. My cousin is gay and my bestfriend is a dyke. So,yea there's that too,but she's an old school dyke that really quite frankly gives no fuck about all of this shit going on.
